[COMRADE A] Impossible.
All of our pursuers are--!
[BONDMAN] Let's go back
to our hideout and regroup.
I have a bad feelin' about this.
[COMRADE A]
Ugh. No way.
Bondman, this
can't be happening!
[BONDMAN]
I don't believe this!
Hey, hey! Wake up!
So, about your grades...
Anya isn't here right now.
[BONDMAN]
This is awful!
[ANYA]
Ah! No! I don't wanna study!
Hold it right there.
We made a deal,
5 PM is study time.
[ANYA]
You're a demon!
[TWILIGHT]
Operation Strix, Phase Two.
In order to infiltrate
my target's inner circle,
we need to earn our way
into his social gatherings.
And do to that, Anya must
become an Imperial Scholar.
It's for that reason that I need
to ensure she gets good grades
and receives the required
Stellas as a reward.
[TWILIGHT] I've told you
this before, remember?
That's spelled with
an "E," not an "A."
[YOR]
Uh, you know what, Loid?
Her math score's pretty
good, considering.
Very well done, Anya.
Keep it up!
He's got two-eights
of his bullets left.
[TWILIGHT]
From her cartoon.
[TWILIGHT] Oh, look, this
proverb here is the same one
that Bondman was
saying in episode 16.
I don't remember.
[TWILIGHT]
Well, try to!
You know, it's the episode that
guy with the sideburns was in.
[ANYA]
This stinks.
I only did so bad on this test
'cause I read the wrong
kid's mind in class.
From now on, I'll do some
investigating first.
I'll figure out which of
my classmates are good
at which subject and
read the right minds.
That way, I can
accomplish my mission
and get perfect
scores every time.
I sound just like Papa.
[TWILIGHT] It'd be easy to
make all her scores an A+
using underhanded methods.
But if she suddenly
scored that high,
the school and her classmates
would become suspicious.
In order to make a move
like that seem natural,
I need her to actually
improve first.
Plus, if she started to look
like a genius out of the blue,
her peers might begin
to resent her.
[ANYA gasps]
[TWILIGHT]
Can't have her hating...
[ANYA] If I read everyone's
minds and get hundreds,
they'll all hate me?
Hey, how could you've
possibly known that answer?
She's a freak,
like some kinda witch!
[TWILIGHT] On second thought,
maybe I'm pushing her too hard.
With her studying against
her will like this,
I'm unlikely to see any
significant progress.
There are ways of earning
Stella besides academics.
Maybe she could use
a change of pace.
[TWILIGHT]
All right.
Why don't we take a break
and do some drawing?
[ANYA gasps]
[TWILIGHT]
Maybe art's her thing.
That looks neat!
Is it a cheetah?
Or, no, wait.
I bet it's a panda!
It's a cow. The one that
went wild at school.
[TWILIGHT]
How about music?
I've got this violin
for children.
[violin squeaking]
There's always sports!
[yells]
[wailing]
Come on, don't cry.
[TWILIGHT]
Patience, Twilight.
This is a marathon,
not a sprint.
Don't forget she's
only in first grade.
I have to figure out
what she's good at,
help her excel in it, and maybe
she'll earn some Stella.
Why don't we play with the
jump rope? It's a lot of fun!
[TWILIGHT]
I can't rush this.
Desmond isn't going to make his
move right away. Don't panic.
It takes a long time
to begin a war,
and even longer to plan one.
But...
HQ estimated that she'd need
to acquire her eight Stella
in about four months.
[TWILIGHT] Can I really be sure
we have that much time to spare?
[ANYA grunts]
[ANYA]
Papa, I'm gonna do my best.
But first, untie me.
Oh. Yeah.
Anya, how about we go
somewhere tomorrow?
[ANYA]
An ooting?
[TWILIGHT] In addition to arts,
sports, music, and academics,
there's another way to earn
Stella--community service.
Thank you all very much
for agreeing to volunteer
here at our hospital today.
You're quite a generous bunch.
Now then, I have a list of tasks
we'd like your help with.
They're not pretty,
but that's the job.
We'll have each family
handle one or more...
[TWILIGHT]
It's not unheard of.
Many students have done
long-term volunteer work
to earn their Stella.
Though uncommon,
helping apprehend criminals
or rescuing people in danger
earned some kids theirs as well.
We could get some
personnel from HQ
to manufacture such an incident,
but considering the risks,
that's not an option
I'm eager to pursue.
And even if volunteering
doesn't pay off anytime soon,
it wouldn't hurt to foster
a social conscience in Anya.
First off, if I could
have the Forgers
clean this dressing room
right around the corner,
that'd be great.
Whoa, they have a pool!
I'm sure it's just
for physical therapy.
[crash]
[TWILIGHT]
Uh. Uh...
Seems cleaning was too much
of an undertaking.
How about you tidy up
the books in the library?
Excuse me, sir,
but could you do something?
I think it'd be best
if you helped elsewhere.
[ANYA screams]
[ANYA]
I'm bored with chores.
I wanna do the job where I give
the doctors their scalpels.
I'mma go to the operating room!
Hey! Come back here!
[ANYA yelps]
I've had enough! Will you leave?
You're doing more
harm than good!
[ANYA]
Papa, I'm sorry.
[TWILIGHT] It's okay,
everybody makes mistakes.
[TWILIGHT]
So much for my idea
of getting a community
service Stella.
Now what?
So is physical therapy,
like, hard?
I won't say it's easy.
But if it'll help you run again,
it's gotta be worth it,
don't you think?
[KEN]
I guess.
[SWIM INSTRUCTOR B]
Three more minutes.
Aw, man. Is the water
in the pool cold?
Don't worry about it.
Go and put your swimsuit on.
I'll do the same.
[SWIM INSTRUCTOR B]
Okay, one, two, one, two...
[KEN] I guess that
pool's for grownups.
[SWIM INSTRUCTOR B]
Remember to focus on your toes!
One, two, one, two, one, two,
one, two. You're almost there!
[KEN]
Of course. I knew it'd be cold.
[gasps]
Ken? Where are you?
That's weird. I wonder
if he's still changing.
[TWILIGHT] Hm... Might have to
ask HQ to change our timeline.
[KEN]
I can't... breathe!
My leg won't move!
The pool! Papa!
Huh? You just went
to the bathroom.
Somebody's drowning in the pool!
What? How could you know
that from way over here?
Exactly who are you?
[ANYA grunts]
[KEN]
Someone... help me!
Papa, I know I'm bad
at volunteering, so I...
[ANYA] I'm gonna become a pro
swimmer and get Stars that way,
so I hafta go practice
in the pool!
[TWILIGHT]
What?! Come back!
I told you, that's not
meant for recreation!
[knocking]
Ken, you okay?
[sighs] He's more scared
than I thought, the poor guy.
[ANYA screaming]
[SWIM INSTRUCTOR A]
Whoa! Where are your parents?
Wowee! This pool looks
super-duper fun!
I wonder what's going on.
[ANYA]
Where are you, drowning person?
[KEN]
I'm...
...gonna... die.
[SWIM INSTRUCTOR A] Ah! What
are you doing, little girl?!
[ANYA]
I can't!
Are you two all right?
[SWIM INSTRUCTOR A]
Ken!
[ANYA coughs]
Papa, I... I was just trying to
swim and saw this boy sinking.
[SWIM INSTRUCTOR A]
Ken!
Hey! Can you hear me?
[TWILIGHT]
Calm down, miss.
Are they okay?
[SWIM INSTRUCTOR A]
Ken! Ken!
How could none of us
here have noticed him?
I didn't hear a thing!
I had no idea you were
in there! I'm sorry!
[TWILIGHT]
That's just how it happens.
When kids are drowning like
that, it tends to be quiet.
Many die because nobody
notices they're struggling.
Please make sure you
keep your eye on him.
Good job spotting him, Anya.
I just saw a bunch
of bubbles comin' up.
But you were pretty
reckless, too.
Thank you! Thank you so much!
Well done, little missy.
You saved his life!
[HEADMASTER] First-year student
Anya Forger of Cecile Dorm
has earned a Stella for rescuing
a person in trouble.
Holy cow, you're amazing, Anya!
You're the first in
our grade to get one!
Ultra-amazingly elegant,
Miss Forger.
Very well done.
Ugh.
She beat me to it.
[KEN laughs]
You did such a good job, Anya!
What an amazing girl.
I am so happy for you!
[TWILIGHT] I never expected her
to earn a Stella this way.
An excellent result.
But it's strange...
I feel like when I've thwarted
a terrorist attack.
I'm proud of her.
Nice work.
[ANYA] I can't believe my powers
actually helped someone.
Thanks, Papa!
[YOR]
All right!
I'm gonna cook you something
special tonight to celebrate!
[ANYA] You should probably
cook instead, Papa.
[YOR grunts, gasps]
I heard that your daughter
earned her first Stella.
That's good news,
Agent Twilight.
Agreed, Handler.
Against all odds, she did it.
[HANDLER]
Though I was thinking,
couldn't we simply "create
additional opportunities"
for her to earn
the rest of them?
We've certainly got
the resources.
[TWILIGHT]
People would get suspicious,
and we shouldn't send the other
agents on unnecessary missions.
It'd up the chance of
their cover being blown.
You do have a point there.
Is HQ getting impatient?
No.
But there are several businesses
linked to Desmond
that are making shady financial
transactions as of late.
This is no time to relax.
Try to make contact
with Desmond fast.
Just give your daughter
some candy or something
to get her motivated.
[STUDENT A]
Morning!
[STUDENT B] Did you see
that thing yesterday?
[STUDENT H]
Aww, I forgot my homework!
[STUDENT chattering]
[ANYA]
My new star is shining so bright
that I'm the talk of the school.
[BECKY]
Good morning, Anya!
[ANYA]
Ah-ah-ah.
[BECKY]
Uh?
From now on you'll call
me "Starlight Anya."
[BECKY]
Uh. Sure!
Seriously, you're like
a celebrity now!
Bet everyone looks up to you!
You could make, like,
a hundred friends today!
[ANYA gasps]
[ANYA] Bam! I was completely
wrong about you, Anya!
Wanna be my friend?
You should totally
come over to my place
and bring your dad, too!
[ANYA]
Bam! Well done, Anya!
The mission's now a success!
[NARRATOR]
And so, the world was at peace.
Don't get a big head, kid!
Hmph.
[EWEN, EMILE]
What's their problem? Ugh!
[ANYA] That didn't go well.
Guess the world's doomed.
C'mon. Let's go, Anya.
[BECKY]
Let's go... Starlight Anya.
Okay.
[BECKY]
This'll be fun.
[STUDENT K grunts]
Look at her.
Yeah. What, does she think she's
hot stuff now or somethin'?
She keeps showin' off
that stupid badge
like any of us should care.
Who comes to school wearing it?
It's like she's shoving it
down all our throats.
I, for one, don't believe
it for a second.
She's too violent
to be some big hero.
They told us she saved
a kid from drowning,
but she probably kicked
him in there herself
and watched him sink.
Now that I'd believe.
Who knows?
Maybe her family really
paid the school
a bunch of money for her Stella.
You think? She certainly
doesn't look that rich to me.
Oh, no.
Don't pay any attention to them.
They're all just jealous of you.
Damian, I bet you agree
with everyone, don't you?
She totally cheated, right?
Do you really think we go
to some third-rate school
that would hand out Stella to
someone who doesn't deserve it?
This is Eden College.
Uh, no, I know.
If you've got a problem
with our school,
then why don't you take the
transfer exam and leave?
[EWEN]
Spoken like a true man. Bravo!
[EMILE]
He is so cool.
[DAMIAN]
The fact that she didn't cheat
is why I'm so mad about
that little shrimp
getting ahead of me somehow!
Didn't expect that.
Maybe there's more
to him than I thought.
Let's start class, shall we?
[BECKY]
By the way, have you decided?
What's your reward gonna be,
Anya? I mean, Starlight Anya?
My reward?
That's what I said!
Whenever you do well on a test
or a recital or something,
you're supposed to
get a reward, right?
You mean I can get peanuts?
Sure, but don't waste it
on something so cheap.
Like, remember that test
we had the other day?
My reward for that was
a cute dress and a tiara.
But I guess they haven't given
me that many cool things.
[ANYA gasps]
Is your family, like,
part of a secret organization
that controls the world?
What do you mean?
They just run a normal company.
[ANYA]
All right, I want a castle.
Okay, that might be a
little too much to ask for.
Where would you even put it?
[ANYA]
Then... peanuts for, like, ever?
That's probably super doable,
but is that what
really you want?
[ANYA]
Rewards are hard.
Yeah, I get that.
I think the reward that
made me the happiest
is my sweet little Wiesel.
Oh, that's the name of my puppy!
The cutest thing
you've ever seen!
Weezy!
[WIESEL barks]
Mister Dog.
Do you have a dog,
too, second son?
[DAMIAN]
Hm?
What? A dog?
What are you asking
a jerk like him for?
You're the best, Max!
I love you so much!
Who cares? And don't
talk to me, okay?
Look, I have a dog now, too!
[ANYWA]
Oh, yeah?
Well, I bet my Max is ten
times cuter than your dog!
Why don't you come to
my house and find out?
And bring your dad.
[ANYA]
Why, hello, Mr. Forger.
It's time to stop this war.
Don't you think, Desmond?
[NARRATOR]
And so, the world was at peace.
Heh.
Huh?
[TWILIGHT]
You want a dog as a reward?
[ANYA]
Mhm.
Having a dog will bring peace.
You mean... peace of mind?
Hmm.
Well, I was thinking of buying
something for you soon anyway.
Now, Anya, taking care of
an animal is hard work.
It's not a game, understand?
It's a very big responsibility.
[ANYA]
Responsibility.
[TWILIGHT]
Hmm...
A dog. Yeah, maybe.
I'm open to discussion about it.
Really?
[TWILIGHT] A properly trained
dog could provide
some nice security
for the apartment.
Not a bad idea.
[YOR]
Dogs can be so violent, though.
It might rip Anya to shreds
if we get the wrong one.
[ANYA screaming]
I think I want a cute
puppy, please. A tiny one.
Uh. Oh. Okay.
[ANYA groans]
[TWILIGHT] Ah, well, I'm sure
we can find a small dog
that's still capable.
I'll see if HQ can help later.
[TWILIGHT]
All right then,
we'll visit some pet
shops this weekend.
[SMUGGLER A]
Got any buyers lined up?
[SMUGGLER B] Eh, it's a
tough market right now.
But we got some punks who think
they're revolutionaries.
[SMUGGLER A] What, they
gonna use 'em as bomb dogs?
These little guys
sure have it rough,
goin' through all that crap
just to end up as toys
for some humans.
[dogs barking]
[SMUGGLER B]
Shut up!
If you want food,
quit your yappin'!
[SMUGGLER A]
They don't seem any smarter
than your average
mutts, honestly.
Do Numbers Three and Five
look weaker to you?
[SMUGGLER B]
I dunno. Who cares?
[SMUGGLER A]
God, it always reeks in here.
[SMUGGLER B]
Yeah, let's bounce.
[SMUGGLER A]
Heh. Yeah.
[ANYA]
I want this one. Or this one!
Thank goodness,
they all look gentle.
[inaudible]